Now you are ready to try PyAnalySeries.
Let’s see how to proceed.
As a reminder, PyAnalySeries is an application, not a library
It is written in Python and relies on standard scientific
modules.
Installation instructions are available in the project GitHub repository.
The interface is built on PyQt.
This ensures consistent behavior across Linux, macOS, and Windows.
The recommended approach is to create a dedicated conda environment
Most dependencies are installed with conda.
A small subset is completed with pip when needed.
This strategy maximizes stability and reproducibility.
Two environments are provided.
One is based on PyQt5.
The other is based on PyQt6.
You should try PyQt6 on recent systems.
Otherwise, fall back to the PyQt5 environment.
The installation process has been validated in practice.
More than 40 users have already installed and used the
application.
This gives confidence in its robustness across different systems.
If you encounter issues during environment setup or execution, please
contact us.
We will find a solution together.
Updating the application is straightforward.
You simply pull the latest version from the repository.
The application will evolve based on user needs.
Feel free to contribute via GitHub by opening issues.
And of course, we welcome your feedback.
Please also share any publications where PyAnalySeries has been used